{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11940\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Assignment 2
\b0\fs24 \
Felix Singerman - 7970742\
\

\b\fs28 Part 1:
\b0\fs24 \
\
\ul E12:\ulnone \
a) http://cruise.eecs.uottawa.ca/umpleonline/umple.php?model=161008458632\
b) http://cruise.eecs.uottawa.ca/umpleonline/umple.php?model=161009373578\
c) http://cruise.eecs.uottawa.ca/umpleonline/umple.php?model=161009738628\
f) http://cruise.eecs.uottawa.ca/umpleonline/umple.php?model=16100940024\
h) http://cruise.eecs.uottawa.ca/umpleonline/umple.php?model=16101056609\
\
\ul E15:\ulnone \
a) I would create two classes. First I would create a Triangle class that would be a subclass of SimplePolygon. Then I would make an Isocellsetriangle Class which would be a subclass of Triangle. For Triangle i would have instances of height, and base. I would also have a setHeight(), setBase(), and getArea(). I would have a getType() that would be able to tell which type of triangle it is. \
\
b) I would have square be a subclass of rectangle since every square is a rectangle. I I would have square have a getArea() method specifically for the square since its easier to compute. And a getPerimeter() method for square. The set height and width would have to equal each other. So if anyone would create a setHeight. It would automatically set the width to that number. \
\
\ul E18:\ulnone \
a) No dynamic binding is needed. getPerimeterLength() is a method in Rectangle. \
\
b) Dynamic Binding would be necessary. there is no method getCentre() for Simple \
Polygon it would have to get it from Shape2d. \
\
c) Dynamic Binding would not be needed. the method is in the class. \
\
d) There is no getScale() method so dynamic binding is not possible. \
\
e) Dynamic binding would be needed. As the method is in Shape2D and not in regular polygon. \
\

\b\fs28 Part 2:
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cruise.eecs.uottawa.ca/umpleonline/umple.php?model=161010752140"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://cruise.eecs.uottawa.ca/umpleonline/umple.php?model=161010752140}}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\ul Reasoning: \ulnone You can have many teams that have the same record. \
You can have many races with the same record. \
You can have many RaceLegs with the same record. \
The 4 members may only be apart of one team. \
Many teams can appear in many races. \
The 1 race can have between 4 and 5 raceLegs. \
\
}